Update side-gigs.md (#14685)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/side-gigs.md

Just to reassure you, PostHog won't try to claim ownership of any intellectual property (IP) you create in your personal time, e.g. if you are contributing to another open source project as a hobby. However, you need to be _really_ careful that you do not introduce any of PostHog's non-open source IP into any project that you work on - this can cause serious legal headaches. As a rule, anything from PostHog that is explicitly MIT-licensed is fine to use, anything else is not.

### Projects that start at PostHog

For the avoidance of doubt: side projects you build on your own time using your own resources do not require permission, review or approval from PostHog. Go forth and build.

> If a project is born from work you have done inside PostHog – that is, using work time, PostHog code, PostHog data, or other PostHog tools and infrastructure – some explicit signoff will make life easier for all parties. This will prevent confusion around ownership, data use, or future plans. Absent that sign-off, these projects should live within PostHog repos and follow PostHog processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a project is born from work you have done inside PostHog – that is, using work time, PostHog code, PostHog data, or other PostHog tools and infrastructure – these projects belong to PostHog and should live in PostHog repos. If you want to develop these projects further on the side, you will need explicit permission.
```
